chore: release-note 2021.1-0702 (#1609)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes.adoc

== Bug fixes

=== Fixes in Bonita 2021.1-0702 (2021-07-02)

==== Fixes in Bonita Development Suite (Studio and UI Designer)

> * UID-453	- ResponsivenessHelp in editor help is not displayed

Reviewer: "ResponsiveHelp" or "Responsiveness Help"?

> * UID-453	- ResponsivenessHelp in editor help is not displayed

Author: ```suggestion
* UID-453	- Responsiveness: Help in editor help is not displayed
```

* UID-369	- Property type changes of target widgets are not mapped when using Switch feature

> * UID-165	- When modifying & save an asset, if you press SUPR, the selected widget is removed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* UID-165	- When modifying and saving an asset, pressing SUPPR removes the selected widget
```

==== Fixes in Bonita Runtime (including Portal)

> * RUNTIME-326	- Docker logs should not contain sensitive informations

Reviewer: For all customers using previous versions of Bonita, we clearly expose that their logs contain sensitive informations. Is that critical? Should we check with Saghar?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* RUNTIME-326	- Reduce information in Docker start logs 
```

> ==== Library upgrade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Library updates
```

* Spring framework: `5.2.9.RELEASE` -> `5.2.15.RELEASE`
* Spring boot: `2.3.4.RELEASE` -> `2.3.12.RELEASE`
* Jackson: `2.11.2` -> `2.12.3`
* Javassist: `3.18.1-GA` -> `3.27.0-GA`
* XStream: `1.4.15` -> `1.4.17`
* Ehcache: `2.10.6` -> `2.10.9.2`
* javax.servlet-api: `3.0.1` -> `3.1.0`
* org.apache.taglibs: `1.1.2` -> `1.2.5`

> * Removed: Xmlbeans

Reviewer: New chapter "==== Library removal" for this removed, and not updated, library

> * Removed: Xmlbeans

Author: ```suggestion

==== Library removal

* Xmlbeans
```

== Bug fixes

=== Fixes in Bonita 2021.1-0702 (2021-07-02)

==== Fixes in Bonita Development Suite (Studio and UI Designer)

* UID-453	- Responsiveness: Help in editor help is not displayed
* UID-369	- Property type changes of target widgets are not mapped when using Switch feature
* UID-165	- When modifying and saving an asset, pressing SUPPR removes the selected widget

==== Fixes in Bonita Runtime (including Portal)

> * RUNTIME-326	- Reduce information in Docker start logs 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* RUNTIME-326 - Reduce unneeded information in Docker start logs 
```
As proposed by nath :)
